Hide malformed parameters from error page (#36196)
rails/rails: actionpack/CHANGELOG.md

## Rails 6.0.0.rc1 (April 24, 2019) ##

> *   Fix a bug where DebugExceptions errors out when malformed query parameters are provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Fix a bug where DebugExceptions throws an error when malformed query parameters are provided.
```

    *Yuki Nishijima*, *Stan Lo*

> 

Reviewer: This should be above the title header since this change will be for 6.0.0.rc2 not 6.0.0.rc1
